1.XpoSat: India launches space mission to study black holes
The launch comes after a hugely successful year for Isro. In August, its Moon mission Chandrayaan-3 touched down near the lunar South Pole region, an area that no-one had reached before. Days later, i...
2.Isro scientists successfully fire 4th stage of PSLV-C58 to hold experiments
After the 44.4-meter-tall PSLV rocket lifted off from the first launch pad at 9.10 am on Monday, it placed the primary satellite XPoSat into the desired orbit after 21 minutes of flight as intended...
3.ISRO Kicks Off 2024 With XPoSat Satellite Launch to Study Black Holes, More
The X-ray Polarimeter Satellite (XPoSat) is aimed to investigate the polarisation of intense X-ray sources in space.
4.Isro launches X-Ray polarimeter to obtain insights from celestial sources
The XPOSat (X-ray Polarimeter Satellite) is India's first dedicated polarimetry mission to study various dynamics of bright astronomical X-ray sources in extreme conditions...
5.PSLV-C58 launched with XPoSAT mission: Isro begins 2024 with a thunderous boom
The PSLV-C58 mission lifted off from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota at 9:10 am IST as the world welcomed 2024.
6.Watch Live: Isro's first mission to study black holes, colossal stars takes off
The PSLV-C58 rocket, in its 60th mission, carried the primary payload XPoSat but also deploy 10 other satellites into low earth orbits.
7.Dhruva Space to launch LEAP-TD mission aboard Isro's PSLV tomorrow
The mission aims to validate the functionality and robustness of the P-30 platform and its various subsystems in orbit, Dhruva Space said. The company will be collaborating with the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology, Thiruvananthapuram, for carrying out telemetry, tracking and command...
8.From Tejas sortie to selfie with 'best friend' Meloni, photos of PM from 2023
PMO on Sunday released 23 exclusive photos of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from 2023, as the year comes to an end. The released pictures include Modi meeting the Indian Cricket team after its defeat in the ICC World Cup final, and his selfie with Italian PM Giorgia Meloni. PM hugging ISRO Chairman S...
9.Four startups to launch experiments on board ISRO's PSLV-C58 flight
The payloads of the space-tech startups and other research institutions will be housed on the fourth stage of the PSLV rocket that will be placed in a low earth orbit for carrying out various experiments.
10.India's first XPoSAT mission set to launch tomorrow
The Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) is set to kick off the new year with the PSLV-C58 satellite blasting off from Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Andhra Pradesh.
